Wise up guys and Congratulations on completing your essay.
Oh s. And now we're going to be moving up to the C of S..
Part 2.
That is the speed optimization so speed optimization is going to be a great task for you guys because
we're going to learn how to just make our website load faster.
And I'm also going to show you how to integrate TTN and also just integrate the SSL for free which I
know you guys must be waiting for.
So this section is going to be so much fun and we're going to learn everything related to the speed
optimization.
So I am adding the SSL in their speed optimization just because we will be integrating the Cdn.
OK that is content delivery network.
OK then the will be working up with the SSL Fed that.
OK.
So that will be a side by side stuff mule and degrade the CD and the SSL will also be integrated.
Okay.
And then we just have to work with some of the things with our WordPress website.
So instead of working on a normal website I thought why not just work with iTunes.
COM that was our project our first project and I'm going to be showing you that how can you basically
put your Web site that the first professional or personal basis say that we created how to make that
Web site go very fast.
So if I just want to go ahead and I just want to show you the speed right now.
If I just go to say speed
test ok I just go here and I just go to SightSpeed test Google.
And here you can see this is Phrag here.
Page Speed I'm going to be entering the page.
OK I'm going to be entering HTP cool and slash slash I tend Ziel dot com.
OK.
And I'm going to be just analyzing it.
And that's going to analyze you.
OK.
It's going to analyze your website and then it's going to tell you that if your website is faster or
not.
OK.
So let's see your result.
Our Web site would not be very fast because we have to optimize our website for speed.
OK.
I'm not guaranteeing you 100.
I'm not guaranteeing 190 but at least you can get like 70 percent.
Like it should be 70 and it should be 78.
OK.
And then you will see that your upside the load faster.
So you can see that or website speed optimization is very low.
And here as well.
So we have to optimize our website for the best.
And we have to make sure that our Web site loads much faster and then our as your rankings will also
be increased so it should be beyond 50.
Okay like 60.
You can see that not every Web site has the hundred by hundred.
So Google not Google even if you just go to each TTP colon slash slash Google dot com OK and you can
see that not only Google loads faster.
So Google is not also the hundred by a hundred.
So don't be like I want to make sure that my page is hundred by hundred OK.
And if I just go to Facebook dot com and then I just analyze it you can see that Facebook will Sinaloan
much faster.
It will also be not 100 by hundreds and there will still be there so you can see it is the average optimization
is very low so don't be like that.
OK if your optimization is not very good don't be like OK you cannot rank.
You can see that the optimization in desktop is very much higher than the mobile so desktop should be
very much higher.
Your Mobile optimization should be there like your website should be responsive but your desktop optimization
should be good.
OK this is our task ok and it should be above 75 or 60.
OK.
Make sure do not go beyond that because we have to focus on the best speed optimization.
OK let me just let me just go ahead and let me just go for the eBay EBAY Tulkarm which is the one that
I like the most and I always meant I am free.
I just keep it out column and then I just search for the products that are on sale so I can write.
OK you can see that this is also being analyzed and is going to give us the result that.
How much time it takes to load.
So you can see that eBay is the world's best Web site.
OK.
This optimization is also a bit low.
So it matters and it matters doesn't matter too well.
But if your optimization is very high then it should be like above 60.
Don't go beyond 60.
OK so sixty or seventy five it should be above sixty or seventy five.
OK so now in the next video I'm going to be showing you how can you just work with the optimization.
So if we just go to iTunes dot com again.
OK if I just go here and I just search for iTunes Ziel dot com then you can see that Google also gives
us the recommendations that we should be doing to our Web site to our Web site loads faster.
OK.
So let's see what I said giving.
It's saying optimize images which is the number one thing.
OK we have these optimize the have these images that are not optimized.
We have this news server Spawn's time.
OK.
We have our browser caching we have our eliminate render blocking Javascript.
And we also have identified javascript.
OK so we will also be we'll be working up with the stuff.
OK I'm going to be showing you how can you use different type of plug ins to enhance the look of this.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
In the next video we will be working up with our speed optimization that is going to be a very amazing
task.
Goodbye.